# Object Meditation: Seeker Necklace

### What are 5 words that come to mind when I think of this Object?
- Yes
- Happiness
- Spontaneous
- Joy
- Discomfort

### Are there spatial places this object is associated with?
- My neck lol

### What does my object look like
- My object is a necklace where the chain is made up of many small metallic looking small balls
- The important parts of the necklace are the lightning bolt and the small tag near where the chain opens that says seekdiscomfort

### feel like?
- I guess the object feels metallically but it also has a weight to it that I can always feel when I am wearing it
### smell like?
- sometimes it smells like my cologne but it usually smells like metal specifically at the tag
### sound like?
- when I'm wearing it, it only makes any noise when it grinds up against my other chain
- when its off it sounds like any small metallic chain would sound rubbing against itself
### Where did you get it?
- I bought it online at seekdiscomfort.com
### What are the emotions attached to this object for you?
- The object has some sad emotions because it makes me think of my self a couple of years ago and how unhappy I was
- but it mostly makes me feel excited to have the opportunity to have, take advantage, and remember each day
- it also is like a constant reminder to live my life to the fullest
### Why did you choose it?
- I chose this object because I wouldn't be who I am or where I am without the ideas that it represents
### What do you see in you object that no one else would see?
- Within the terrible reflection generated by the metallic plastic I can see the two versions of myself
  - past me who was unhappy and just going through the emotions
  - and current me who was happy and took over the reigns of his one life
### Is it one of a kind?
- It is not one of a kind
### How do you interact with it?
- I constantly wear it on my neck and grab at whenever I'm forced to make a tough decision
### What are some other objects it does or might have relationships with?
- I have a flag in my dorm that has the same lightning bolt and the same mantra "Seek Discomfort"
### What is a specific memory you have with this object?
- I recently had one of the best nights of my life back home because I was presented with an uncomfortable and super foreign situation but decided to completely lean into it and I ended up having a great night
